Environments: include other environments, optional include destination (#50207)
spack/spack: lib/spack/docs/include_yaml.rst

   - path: https://github.com/path/to/raw/config/config.yaml
     sha256: 26e871804a92cd07bb3d611b31b4156ae93d35b6a6d6e0ef3a67871fcb1d258b

The ``config.yaml`` file would be cached locally and its contents included in Spack's configuration.

> You can add a ``destination`` to the entry to specify the desired cache directory; otherwise, a special default include location will be used.

Reviewer: Please explain where the default location is instead of saying that it's "special".

For example:

.. code-block:: yaml

   include:

>    - path: https://github.com/path/to/raw/config/config.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - path: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/path/to/raw/config/config.yaml
```

Unless we're doing anything special with GitHub URLs, I think we might want to update the example to use raw.githubusercontent.com instead of github.com in the example here. (The latter will give you an HTML version of the file viewer instead of the raw file.)

Author: We are for GitHub *and* GitLab. See https://github.com/spack/spack/blob/044f2902da3600b97a61ae6ce32b3e96940b2351/lib/spack/spack/util/remote_file_cache.py#L21.

Author: The goal was to make it easy for users to specify the URL by performing the conversion in spack.

     sha256: 26e871804a92cd07bb3d611b31b4156ae93d35b6a6d6e0ef3a67871fcb1d258b

>      destination: $HOME/my/custom/remote/cache/directory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     destination: $HOME/my/custom/remote/cache/directory # optional
```

Author: I was wondering if I wasn't being clear enough in the description. Fixed in two places *and* added to their `versionadded`. Thanks.

You can also include configuration files from a ``git`` repository.
The ``branch``, ``commit``, or ``tag`` to be checked out is required.
A list of relative paths in which to find the configuration files is also required.

We recommend a ``commit`` be specified when using a ``tag``.
Inclusion of the repository (and its paths) can be optional or conditional.
You can also add a ``destination`` to specify the local root directory.
If you want to control the :ref:`name of the configuration scope <named-config-scopes>`, you can provide a ``name``.

For example, suppose we only want to include the ``config.yaml`` and ``packages.yaml`` files from the `spack/spack-configs <https://github.com/spack/spack-configs>`_ repository's ``USC/config`` directory when using the ``centos7`` operating system.

> And we want the configuration scope name to start ``common`` and the files to be cached under ``$HOME/my_usc_includes``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
And we want the configuration scope name to start ``USC`` and the files to be cached under ``$HOME/my_usc_includes``.
```
Just needs to be consistent, `USC` or `common` are both fine.

> We would then configure the ``include.yaml`` file as follows::

Reviewer 4: needs rephrasing

   include:

>    - name: USC  # optional

Reviewer 3: I am confused why this changed. Note, none of the other references to this name have changed.

Reviewer: I think the primary motivation was to use an existing directory in the `github.com/spack/spack-configs` repo. I've updated it to match everywhere else in the description.

     git: https://github.com/spack/spack-configs.git
     branch: main
     when: os == "centos7"
     paths:
     - USC/config/config.yaml
     - USC/config/packages.yaml
     destination: $HOME/my_usc_includes  # optional

.. note::

>    The git URL could have been specified through an environment variable (e.g., ``$MY_USC_CONFIG_URL``).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   The git URL could also be specified through an environment variable (e.g., ``$MY_USC_CONFIG_URL``).
```

If the condition is satisfied, then the ``main`` branch of the repository will be cloned when the configuration scopes are initially created.
The resulting repository can be found under ``$HOME/my_usc_includes``.

> Once cloned, the settings for the two files under the ``$HOME/my_usc_includes/USC/config`` subdirectory will be integrated into Spack's configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once cloned, the settings for the two files listed under ``paths`` will be integrated into Spack's configuration.
```

Reviewer 3: Not sure if this is better or not, but it is easier for me the parse back to the config field vs the system path

In this example, the new scopes can be seen by running::

   $ spack config scopes -p
   Scope                          Path
   command_line
   spack                            /Users/username/spack/etc/spack/
   user                             /Users/username/.spack/
   common:USC/config/config.yaml    /Users/username/my_usc_includes/USC/config/config.yaml
   common:USC/config/packages.yaml  /Users/username/my_usc_includes/USC/config/packages.yaml
   site                             /Users/username/spack/etc/spack/site/
   system                           /etc/spack/
   defaults                         /Users/username/spack/etc/spack/defaults/
   defaults:darwin                  /Users/username/spack/etc/spack/defaults/darwin/
   defaults:base                    /Users/username/spack/etc/spack/defaults/base/
   _builtin

Since there are two unique paths, each results in a separate configuration scope.

> If only the ``USC/config`` directory was listed under ``paths``, then there would be only one configuration scope, named ``USC``, and the configuration settings from all of the configuration files within that directory would be integrated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If only the ``USC/config`` directory was listed under ``paths``, then there would be only one configuration scope, named ``common``, and the configuration settings from all of the configuration files within that directory would be integrated.
```

This just needs to be consistent everywhere, I am in different to the name

     paths:
     - USC/config/config.yaml
     - USC/config/packages.yaml
     destination: $HOME/my_usc_includes  # optional

If the condition is satisfied, then the ``main`` branch of the repository will be saved under ``$HOME/my_usc_includes`` and the settings for the two files integrated into Spack's configuration.

.. versionadded:: 1.1
   ``git:``, ``branch:``, ``commit:``, and ``tag:`` attributes.

.. versionadded:: 1.2
   optional ``destination:`` attribute.

.. note::

>    If a list of relative paths to the configuration files is not provided, the root directory of the repository will be checked for suitable files.

Reviewer 5: Is this behavior a current limitation, or do we want to keep this behavior also in the long run? If the latter, I would take it out of a `Note`.
